[BANDITS grunting]
[BANDIT A] There's nothing
that beats a belly full
of fresh meat.
[BANDIT B]
Maybe, but before I die,
I wanna chow down on some
grub made from plants!
[BANDIT C laughing]
And I wanna be king of the sand!
[BANDIT B]
Shut up, or you're gonna get me
as pissed off as the
Worms were today.
[BANDIT A]
What the...?
Huh? That guy. Y'all see him?
[BANDIT B] Why is he
wearing a suit out here?
[BANDIT C]
He's not long for this world.
[BANDIT B]
Least he's prepared.
The dead man's got
his own tombstone!
[BANDITS laugh]
[WOLFWOOD sighs]
[RADIO HOST] Three days
have passed since tragedy
struck Jeneora Rock...
Rocked the big baby to sleep.
[RADIO HOST]
...known as Vash the Stampede.
He's said to be traveling
with a man and a woman,
both of whom have
been identified
as possible accomplices.
The seven cities' military
police have added the pair
to their search as
persons of interest.
Oh, incredible, so now
we're wanted, too?
If this gets around to
headquarters, we're sacked.
[MERYL groans]
[RADIO HOST]
Next up, your weather forecast.
[ROBERTO grunts]
[MERYL sighs]
[ROBERTO] It was his,
but he hasn't touched it.
Huh? I can't steal his food.
[ROBERTO] Has hasn't had a bite
since that whole mess went down.
[MERYL gasps]
[ROBERTO] The hell's running
through that spiky head of his?
Eh, I suppose that's
between him and God.
[ROBERTO]
Hm?
[MERYL gasps]
A sandstorm?
[ROBERTO] Close, but no cigar.
More like a Worm storm.
[MERYL]
Eh...
Around these parts,
Worms are considered an
important source of protein.
If you can stomach
their appearance,
they make for
pretty decent food.
And suddenly, starvation doesn't
sound all that bad to me.
[yelps]
[grunts]
[MERYL, ROBERTO, VASH grunt]
[MERYL gasps]
Hey! Are you okay?
[groans]
[BANDITS]
Huh?
There's no dying
on my watch, mister!
--[WOLFWOOD grunts]
--[VASH gasps]
[MERYL grunting]
We need help! This man is hurt!
Our road kill's got
nothing on them.
This level of violence.
Could it be?
[WOLFWOOD grunts]
Could it be who?
--[banging]
--[ROBERTO] Huh?
[MERYL gasps]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[ROBERTO]
Hm?
[WOLFWOOD]
And... there!
Uh... Heavenly father,
who art in heaven...
Forgive us our sins, Oh Lord,
as we forgive those
who sin against us.
Please welcome their souls
and the souls of all the
faithful departed
into your, into your...
What is it?
Welcome them into
your humble abode?
Into your pearly gates?
Nah, that sounds off.
Deliver unto them deliverance?
Not quite, but I'm
getting there.
[WOLFWOOD gasps, coughs]
[VASH, MERYL sigh]
Um. Make sure there's
some empty chairs.
They're "kingdom
come"-ing, so...
That's enough. You're not
really a priest, huh?
[WOLFWOOD] No, I'm not.
I'm an undertaker.
Scram, will ya?
You're messing with my mojo.
[MERYL grunts]
What's with the cross?
You looking to crucify somebody?
It's, like, stupidly big.
[WOLFWOOD] Whoa, there.
No touchy, little lady.
[MERYL]
You!
Take it easy.
[WOLFWOOD]
Hm?
[MERYL, WOLFWOOD sigh]
Hey. You're lookin' hungry.
It's yummy.
Just leave the kid be.
[WOLFWOOD] I'm like you.
I lost my parents, too.
Grew up in an orphanage.
[WOLFWOOD]
See, yummy?
Heh. No matter how heavy
the cross is you carry,
you deserve food and to laugh.
[VASH, MERYL sigh]
[WOLFWOOD chuckles]
[ZAZIE gasps]
[VASH]
Huh?
[VASH gasps]
[MERYL gasps]
[VASH]
Twenty thousand?!
[MERYL]
What a rip-off!
[WOLFWOOD] You probably
should've asked for my rates
before hiring me.
Hold on, we didn't
hire anyone,
you volunteered before
we had the chance!
[WOLFWOOD]
No, I didn't.
[MERYL]
There are witnesses!
[ROBERTO]
Are we wrapping this up?
[MERYL] As a reporter, it's my
duty to expose injustice!
Ha, what con artist is stupid
enough to charge this price?
[WOLFWOOD]
Cough up the dough, already.
[ROBERTO sighs]
Speaking of conning...
Shouldn't you be
injured or something?
You did get hit by a
big-ass truck, after all.
[WOLFWOOD]
I'm tough.
The man upstairs
blessed me in that way.
[ROBERTO chuckles]
[buzzing]
[ALL gasp]
[MERYL]
Earthquake?
[VASH]
Don't think so...
It's a Grand Worm!
[ALL yelling]
[ALL cough, grunt]
[ROBERTO]
Incoming!
[MERYL gasps]
[VASH sighs]
You guys aren't hurt, are you?
No. Thanks to you.
[grunts]
[MERYL] Ew. Pretty dang
musty down here.
Watch where you're
walking, little lady.
[MERYL gasps, yelps]
Grody!
[VASH gasps]
Wait a sec. Check him out.
[MERYL]
It's like they're talking.
I've heard something about
Worms being interconnected.
[ROBERTO]
You've heard right.
That's its detached
electron network.
The bigger the Worm, the more
detached electrons it holds.
Judging by his size,
this guy must be a
pillar of his community.
Which means?
Which means we're
inside the head honcho.
--[MERYL] Whoa! Don't!
--[VASH] Hey!
[MERYL]
Come back!
Now, which one would
our friend choose?
[WOLFWOOD] The kiddo is
quite the twinkle toes.
[ROBERTO]
Your toes might be twinklin'
if you would put
down that cross.
Sorry, big man,
can't work without it.
You never know when you
might need an undertaker.
[ROBERTO grunts]
[MERYL]
We can't waste time.
[WOLFWOOD]
Right, then let's split up.
The far one's yours,
Needle-Noggin.
Who, me?
[WOLFWOOD]
Little lady, you're next to him.
--That's Meryl Strife to you!
--Ol Drunkle, take number three.
This last one is all mine.
Who died and made
you king, huh?
Hey, we can't waste time.
[MERYL]
This is idiotic.
I bet he's just trying
to make a buck.
That weirdo profits off death.
[whimpers]
[MERYL] So, nobody's out
there to get me, yeah?
[MERYL gasps]
I'm almost to you!
[ZAZIE grunts]
[sighs]
I'm right here.
[MERYL gasps]
[WOLFWOOD grunts]
[VASH grunts]
Well, I got nothing.
No trace of 'em.
[ROBERTO grunts]
Nothing here either.
[WOLFWOOD]
I say we call it.
If we don't figure a way outta
here soon, we're dead, too.
[VASH]
Come on, nobody's dead, okay?
As soon as we
find them, we'll go.
[exhales] Just jumpin' to risk
your life for theirs, huh?
Huh?
[WOLFWOOD]
Got a god complex or death wish?
Heh. Guess time will tell.
You only get
one life, you know?
Self-sacrifice might
satisfy the ego,
but don't throw your life away.
[VASH gasps]
[WOLFWOOD]
Survival's everything.
[ROBERTO]
Slow your roll, Stampede.
They always take the first
bite to get your guard down,
then lace the rest with poison
before passing it to you,
the target. It's a textbook
assassination technique.
Huh?
I'm a reporter after all.
And though our agency's not
much to write home about,
we get decent intel.
I heard something the other day.
Something about folks who can
control the Worms 'round here.
[WOLFWOOD laughs]
You accusing me?
Then allow me to remind you.
I'm trapped in here, too.
[ROBERTO] If you're so innocent,
how about you unwrap
that precious cross of yours
and let me take a look?
I'm getting real
tired of this game.
Based on the way you're
lugging it around,
it's safe to say it's too heavy
to be a standard wooden cross.
Now, give us a little peek,
why don't you?
[WOLFWOOD laughs]
What, are you going to make me?
That derringer's too light to do
much damage, but you can try.
[VASH chuckles nervously] We're
all friends here, aren't we?
Just trust me with this one.
This guy's the type of killer
that does his work with a smile.
Nah. I think I've gotta
disagree with you there.
And what makes you so sure?
[VASH sighs] Those are
the eyes of a good guy.
[gasps]
I'll take that as a compliment.
[VASH laughs]
Good guy, see?
[VASH]
Roberto?
Meryl...? Roberto?
[WOLFWOOD] It's pointless.
They're long digested by now.
I don't know. This place is
covered in all sorts of remains.
Worms might not be the
speediest digesters.
Plus, no reporter-shaped
skeletons.
All that to say...?
That it's way too early
to throw in the ol' towel.
Fine.
But wandering in circles
isn't the best strategy.
[VASH gasps]
Maybe they already found
their way outta here.
Maybe we're the lost ones.
Hey, hey. No more scaring me,
please and thank you!
[VASH, WOLFWOOD gasp]
[VASH, WOLFWOOD yell]
[WOLFWOOD] We were in
the damn thing's nose?
[BANDIT A]
Hey, are you guys okay?
[BANDIT C]
That was a Worm spout!
Hurry up, y'all!
It's behind you!
[BANDIT B]
I've never seen one so massive!
[BANDIT C]
Serpentine! Serpentine!
[BANDIT B]
Run! Don't you wanna live?
[VASH gasps]
Hey, stop! You won.
Quit while you're ahead!
[VASH grunts]
[grunts] There's no guarantee
you're gonna be so lucky
in round two!
[VASH]
You should go now.
[BANDIT A]
What the hell are you doing?
[BANDIT C]
This way!
You fool!
[VASH grunts]
[VASH]
You're alive.
[ZAZIE gasps]
[VASH grunts]
You're all right now.
--[thudding]
--[VASH gasps]
[WOLFWOOD] You've known me for
all of a day, and you've let me
out of your sight at least
a few dozen times now.
Well, I mean, you haven't
shot me yet, have you?
Ha, ha.
--[ZAZIE grunts]
--[buzzing]
[VASH] That tiny buzzing sound.
It must be you.
You're the one
controlling the Worms.
Whoa. Well, that's weird.
Regular old humans shouldn't be
able to hear that sound at all.
Congrats. I guess
you're onto me, huh?
[VASH]
Did you murder that couple?
[ZAZIE]
It's funny.
Whenever humans see a kid
hanging around grown-ups,
they assume they're a family.
Can you please just tell
me where my friends are?
You came back for the
girl and the old guy?
[laughs]
I don't understand you at all.
[ZAZIE] You would sacrifice
your life for a tiny chance
to save theirs?
[VASH gasps]
C'mon, just give 'em back, okay?
Look, if you're so
certain I have them,
then why don't you make me?
[VASH grunting]
[WOLFWOOD] And you left
yourself wide open. Again.
[chuckles]
You hungry?
--[gasps]
--[WOLFWOOD] Then eat this!
[VASH]
Who are you?
[WOLFWOOD]
Just an undertaker.
Bye, see ya! Well, maybe.
Chances are you won't
even make it out of here.
Real shame, huh?
[laughs]
[VASH]
Hey! Come back!
[WOLFWOOD] Anyone who tries
to eat me... has hell to pay.
Make sure your dinner
doesn't bite back.
[BANDITS gasp, laugh]
The fresher the better,
that's what I say!
[MERYL groans]
What's wrong?
You still feeling sick?
Oh, no. I'm all good, thank you.
Though we may have
our differences,
I appreciate you saving--
[WOLFWOOD]
Here, dig in.
[MERYL]
I'll have to pass.
[WOLFWOOD] Are any of you
freaks interested in survival?
Come on. Open wide! It's good!
[MERYL]
Hands off me!
[ROBERTO]
What a guy.
His weapon of salvation is a
weapon of mass destruction.
That explains its weight.
[VASH chuckles]
I did try to warn you
that he was bad news.
It's thanks to him we're not
melting in a Worm right now.
You're seriously going to
thank the gun-slinging psycho
for slinging the gun?
Bit too generous, if you ask me.
[VASH]
Heard that one before.
[ROBERTO sighs] Well, then it
might be time to listen.
You're going to starve to death.
And that's my choice to make.
It's pretty childish
to be picky.
Hilarious, coming from you!
Hey, I ate my dinner.
[MERYL gasps]
Look at you!
You think I deserve to eat and
laugh and stuff, don't you?
[chuckles]
The name's Nicholas D. Wolfwood.
[VASH]
Vash the Stampede.
[WOLFWOOD]
Needle-Noggin.
Pardon me?
[WOLFWOOD]
Well, better get moving.
[MERYL] Huh? You think
you're coming with us?
[WOLFWOOD] With the kind of
folks you all are dealing with,
you could use an undertaker.
Gee thanks, but no.
Half off, whaddya say?
Yeah, no thank you!
You should ask him why he
thinks he can charge us.
Just tell this con
artist to get lost!
[ROBERTO] I've love to, but it's
not like we ever got permission
to run with the Stampede.
Come on, that isn't
the same at all!
Damn, grandpa.
I wouldn't've pegged you
as the reasonable one.
Ha! Thank ya, sir.
You shouldn't've pegged
me as generous, either.
Yikes, God frowns
on cheapskates.
None for you! We can't
afford two smokers!
[VASH] Hey, guys!
Get a look at the sky!
The grownups are talking!
[gasps]
[MERYL]
It's gorgeous.
[ROBERTO] You are aware those
are all Worms, aren't you?
[MERYL] And it's ruined.
Thanks for that.
[WOLFWOOD inhales,
exhales deeply]
Talk about overkill.
You nearly got me, too.
[WOLFWOOD]
Zazie the Beast.
Boo-hoo. You made it out
fine and ultimately
earned their trust, right?
Now you'll get to
kill some friends!
Your favorite pastime!
Be honest. You couldn't care
less about taking human lives
if you tried, could you?
[ZAZIE laughs] I can see
it in your eyes, you know.
Ha. It's no biggie.
I just keep my head down and
do my job, whatever that may be.
[snores]
[CONRAD] In that moment,
Vash the Stampede manifested
what must've been the
gate that allows access
to the higher dimension.
As far as I can tell,
said gate is still locked.
His morality and ethics
are functioning
as a defensive measure.
Your younger brother is more
human than most anyone.
[KNIVES chuckles]
No fear.
We will pry it open.
And if we must, we'll destroy
his very being.